Added ESPL NITC: Compiler Design, and Intro to SQL by Khan Academy (#7208)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: books/free-programming-books-subjects.md

* [Compiling Scala for the Java Virtual Machine](http://lampwww.epfl.ch/~schinz/thesis-final-A4.pdf) - Michel Schinz (PDF)
* [Compiling Techniques (1969)](http://www.chilton-computing.org.uk/acl/literature/books/compilingtechniques/overview.htm) - F.R.A. Hopgood, Macdonald
* [Crafting Interpreters](http://www.craftinginterpreters.com) - Bob Nystrom (HTML)

> * [EXPL NITC: Build your own Compiler](https://silcnitc.github.io) - Dr. Murali Krishnan K., Department of Computer Science and Engineering of the Calicut National Institute of Technology (HTML)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [EXPL NITC: Build your own Compiler](https://silcnitc.github.io) - Murali Krishnan K., students in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering of the Calicut National Institute of Technology (HTML)
```
we don't include honorifics such as "Dr." and in this case it's not the department thats a coauthor, but students from the department
